docs: polish algorithm tutorial and update API docs (#225)
PKU-Alignment/omnisafe: docs/source/baserl/ppo.rst

Background
~~~~~~~~~~

**Proximal Policy Optimization(PPO)** is an RL algorithm inheriting some of the
benefits of :doc:`TRPO<trpo>`,
However, it is much simpler to implement.
PPO shares the same target as TRPO:

.. note::
    How can we take as big as an improvement step on a policy update using the data
    we already have,
    without stepping so far that we accidentally cause performance collapse?

Instead of solving this problem with a complex second-order method as TRPO do,

> PPO use a few other tricks to keep new policies close to old.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PPO uses a few other tricks to keep new policies close to the old ones.
```

Should check English grammar first.
